improved dynamic import doc inside code-splitting (#3458)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/guides/code-splitting.md

);
```

> __webpack.config.jsFor more detailed setup please install refer this guide https://www.robinwieruch.de/minimal-react-webpack-babel-setup/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__webpack.config.js__
```

Reviewer: `For more detailed setup please install refer this guide https://www.robinwieruch.de/minimal-react-webpack-babel-setup/`
Ig moving it [here](https://github.com/webpack/webpack.js.org/blob/master/src/content/guides/code-splitting.md#prefetchingpreloading-modules) would be better.

Reviewer: You forgot to re-insert the respective content as above.

```

__webpack.config.js__

>  __

Reviewer 2: Probably added by accident?
```suggestion
```

...
```

> As `import()` returns a promise, it can be used with [`async` functions](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/async_function). However, this requires using a pre-processor like Babel and the [Syntax Dynamic Import Babel Plugin](https://babeljs.io/docs/plugins/syntax-dynamic-import/#installation). For `async await` `babel-polyfill` is required. Common usage can be found [here] (https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-polyfill/). Or in case you are using mutiple entries.

Reviewer 2: I think this isnt ready, can you see this suggestion and maybe apply or improve from here:
```suggestion
As `import()` returns a promise, it can be used with [`async` functions](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/async_function). However, this requires using a pre-processor like Babel and the [Syntax Dynamic Import Babel Plugin](https://babeljs.io/docs/plugins/syntax-dynamic-import/#installation). In order to use `async` and `await`, `babel-polyfill` is required. Common usage examples can be found [here] (https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-polyfill/).
```

Also i have removed the last sentence: "Or in case you are using mutiple entries.", it should make more sense, can you explain exactly what you mean here? Are you saying you need `babel-polyfill` if user had configured multiple entry points?
